Wifey and I are living a very healthy lifestyle these days. It started off with a two-week protein-sparing modified fast, which went well, and we are staying strong.
It's a wrap for our raid in <i>World of Warcraft</i>. We got our <i>Ahead of the Curve</i> and <i>Glory of the Midnight Raider</i> achievements. We will enjoy a short break before 12.1.0 hits.
Our <i>World of Warcraft</i> guild finally has a logo. Our very first in 16 years! So happy.
My friend is putting together an original D&D campaign called <i>Storica</i>, and I can't wait to get started. I am still working on my character though. This part is always difficult for me.
I was playing <i>Baldur's Gate III</i> with a close group of friends a few years back. We tried to pick up where we left off, but the save was corrupted. We had to start a new save and a new adventure. This time round, I am going for a fighter druid build. I feel so lucky to have this group of friends in my life.
Once in a while, my friends would pick a co-op video game and ask to play together. I would always say yes. We became close friends in Taiwan, so this requires some coordination across the Pacific. I love these people and would try to carry on this pattern for as long as possible.
I am listening to Drama Time again. I stopped around 2022 or 2023 because I stopped listening to podcasts altogether, but I am picking it up again.
I am listening to this French show called Journal en français facile again. I am not super deliberate with my learning, but I like being able to understand news in French to some degree.
I am listening to Accusefive. This is a Taiwanese rock band, and I love-love-love <i>miss you day and night</i>. I think it is the most romantic song ever.
I am trying to learn Taiwanese through Collage. This is a Taiwanese duo that sings in Taiwanese Tâi-gí, Amis, Japanese, and English. I love this band.
I am still listening to No Party for Cao Dong and hopelessly checking for their next album (there is none). I wish they are well and are more prolific.
I am listening to TRASH. I found them after searching desperately for new songs from No Party for Cao Dong—a futile effort. TRASH fills that void.
I am going through old books on my shelves these days. They are like old friends.
Heard there is a <i>One Piece</i> remake coming up in 2027 with tighter storytelling. We are working through the original anime before then. Still very good after so many years.
I have been following the price of AMD Ryzen 7 9800X3D. I am also looking at 9850X3D, but I will probably ultimately land on 9800X3D.
Project DBZ is progressing. I grabbed a Gigabyte B850 Aorus Elite Wi-Fi 7 cheap from Woot. Work buddy gave me a Lian Li Galahad AIO 240 and a monitor. I also got a Dell S2722DGM monitor from another coworker. There is a wonderful Micro Center at Tustin, which I like a lot. I will probably get my PSU and CPU there for my next build. Everything is coming together!
I like to recline on loungers by the swimming pool with my family. We search for Jupiter and Orion's belt in the night sky. We had heat waves recently, but in general, the night time is still a bit chilly to swim.
I have been worried about the future of Taiwan. I am political person and fairly vocal about it, but living outside of Taiwan... I feel far away and powerless sometimes.
I have been worried about the world, the environment, and international affairs in general like every other sane person, I guess.
I am following the California gas price closely because well, I use it. I am even thinking about getting a credit card just for gas. I don't want to get another credit card just for gas, but here we are.
There is this farmer's market near where I live that is set up every Sunday. They have vendors we like, including Chopain and Three Hats Coffee. We also buy baby mustard, amaranth, and assorted shrooms there. Good stuff.
A French bakery called Le Saint Honoré opened close to where I work. They have the most divine croissant. I have waited for months for them to open, and I am excited about their products.
I am writing short story-notes on the cars that I have owned. We have been through so much together.
I have been taking the little one to the rink. She asked me to take her skating last Christmas, which kicked off the whole chain reaction of her ice skating education. She is very into it, and I would like to support her. Like all learning, ice skating requires a good deal of practice. I skate with her and keep her company, but she has been making friends at the rink, so she needs me less these days.
We got the free Historian Pass, which can be used throughout 2026. Usually costs $50, but it is now free as part of the Juneteenth and Independence Day celebration. I would like to take the family to see a few historic state parks with this pass.
I am planning for a trip to Seattle. We have never been there. It has been on wifey's list for a long time. This year, we might make it happen. There is also plan to meet up with a few friends when we get there. We'll see.
I am thinking about a trip to Montana in winter. I saw several photos of ice and snow that are simply majestic. There is no words for this. I have to see.
I want another road trip. It is strange, but I love driving for long hours here. There was a zine that I came across some time ago dedicated entirely to road trips. I wish I remembered the name because it encapsulated the reasons perfectly.
I have been going to Maméya for high quality pour overs. I was wearing a grey T-shirt with Sanji from <i>One Piece</i> one time, and they loved it.
I have been ordering Turkish coffee at this nearby supermarket. They put it on a stainless steel platter with water and lokum. Wifey and I enjoy it very much.
I have a Thursday lunch list at work. It is a list of restaurants on a whiteboard behind my desk. Coworkers come by to add their recommendation. On Thursday, we pick something people feel comfortable with, and we go. I love this activity. It sets the right tone for weekend.
I am still making up bedtime stories every night for my little one. I have been doing this for as old as her age. It is demanding, but I love that we are doing this.
I am looking at clouds. I look at them when I take my little one to school. I look at them when I walk after lunch. I look at them as the sun set, trading purple-pink for blue and grey.
We like to walk around the neighbourhood after dinner. There are many pine cones by the trees, and we would kick them from one end of the street to the other, all the way to a not-so-secret secret spot. We would stash them there. The squirrels sometimes get to them, but that is all right.
I am a huge fan of public libraries, especially through Libby. It gives me free access to <i>The Paris Review</i> and <i>The New Yorker</i> and many more publications. I am thinking about getting two Kobo Claras, which I heard has native OverDrive support (for Libby). They will be magic portals to the libraries from my bookshelf.
I am working through fragments of poetry enclasped in a black notebook on my desk. I don't know when I'll be done.
I have an easel set up by the window. I have started to paint there, standing up. I used to move the easel to another more comfortable spot but not anymore.
I am trying to carry my trusty Ricoh GR with me more. It is hard to do this in a suburb setting. Every shot feels more deliberate and intrusive, which is not my intention at all.
I am going through my old accounts, figuring out which ones to close next. This is both part of my effort to be less reliant on Big Tech but also for security reasons.
I like to take my family to our favourite beach. The tide pools there are fascinating. I also enjoy stacking rocks (away from the tide pools) and just chill. Sometimes we swim when the water is not too cold.
When I have trouble sleeping at night, my favourite activity is to sit alone on the sofa and just listen to the midnight sprinklers. I would look through the window, through our patio and the succulent plants, and see—really see—the moonlight.
I have a pasta recipe that I have been tweaking, mostly through my family's feedback. I update my recipe when I have something that is yum. The recipe is available under the 'scrawl' section of this site.
I am using this two bucket system to wash my Hyundai Kona these days. It is nothing fancy, just rewarding in a tangible way to have the little things figured out. Do I do the top first? When do I clean the windshield? How do I apply wax?
I am trying to be a responsible adult by staying on top of all the appointments and registrations and applications. This is hard. Where are the spoons?
My work buddy told me about how he is using Apple Shortcuts, so I looked into it. A couple of years ago, I uninstalled Shortcuts when it became a default app on iPhone. I didn't care for it then. Just don't like the idea of default apps. Now that I have experimented with it a fair bit, I have discovered ways to automate small parts of my life. Pretty cool.
I am a secret fan to credit card offers. Probably not going to act on any of them, but I do go through them. I even made a spreadsheet that is updated too regularly to compare offers.
Every quater, I have a Zoom meeting with two of my very close friends to just catch up and talk. We have been friends for decades. I love them very much, and I feel fortunate that they are willing to do this.
I have been going through other people's now pages. It is like a directory to personal sites. The whole experience is familiar to someone who has surfed in the 90s. This may be a reason why I am making this page.